# Stoky-Algorithmic-Trading-Bot
It is a model which predicts stock prices and trade on user behalf on certain set of given rules. We can also set it as per user requirement.
Problem Statement:
Stocks in the stock market are highly volatile by nature, changing its price with
respect to various economic indicators, political happenings, and investor
sentiments. The problem being faced by both the individual and institutional
level of investors is the accurate prediction of market trends and transactions
at the right time. But the traders at human levels usually suffer from emotional
bias, inefficiency, and tiredness leading to inefficient trading.

Objectives:
The STOCKY project will develop a stock market prediction application that uses
machine learning algorithms and technical analysis practices to predict future
stock prices and trends. The implementation will contain an algorithmic trading
bot to auto-execute trades on a stock market based on the predictions
generated by our model. This system will be satisfied with the following main
general objectives:

Prediction: To predict the movement in the stock price, be it by historical data
or machine learning algorithms, specifically by the application of Long ShortTerm Memory in machine learning or ARIMA in classical time series modelling.

Algorithmic trading: Algorithmic trading to implement automated buying and
selling of stocks using predetermined strategies for the bot in real time.

Real-Time Monitoring: Monitoring in real time to integrate constant updating
of stock data to be able to adjust the prediction at each instant trading.

Risk Management: Implement actions guaranteeing the restriction of losses,
through stop-loss orders and portfolio diversification.

